FIX: Ensures that rewrite url contains base path (#13233)
withastro/astro: .changeset/modern-seals-sell.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Ensure Astro.url is correctly updated with the base path after rewrites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures that `Astro.url`/`ctx.url` is correctly updated with the `base` path after rewrites.
```

> This change fixes an issue where Astro.url did not include the configured base path after Astro.rewrite was called. Now, the base path is correctly reflected in Astro.url.
> 
> Previously, any rewrites performed through Astro.rewrite failed to append the base path to Astro.url, which could lead to incorrect URL handling in downstream logic. By fixing this, we ensure that all routes remain consistent and predictable after a rewrite.
> 
> If you were relying on the work around of including the base path in astro.rewrite you can now remove it from the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change fixes an issue where `Astro.url`/`ctx.url` did not include the configured base path after Astro.rewrite was called. Now, the base path is correctly reflected in Astro.url.

Previously, any rewrites performed through `Astro.rewrite`/`ctx.rewrite` failed to append the base path to `Astro.url`/`ctx.rewrite`, which could lead to incorrect URL handling in downstream logic. By fixing this, we ensure that all routes remain consistent and predictable after a rewrite.

If you were relying on the work around of including the base path in astro.rewrite you can now remove it from the path.
```
